SWEET, EVERYTHING APPEARS THE SAME!
There are the same number of towers in this location as the last time you scanned, which means that everything appears to be normal! Check back again tomorrow to see if anything has changed. 

UH-OH, SOMETHING’S CHANGED!
What should you do? First of all, don’t panic. Take these steps to help determine what’s going on, and what you can do.
1. Are you sure you’re in the same place where you last scanned? Even standing on the other side of a building, or another room in your house, can change the number of towers in range. Make sure you’re in the same spot you were the last time you scanned this location.
2. Still getting a different result? Go to Open Cell ID and input the cell ID of the anomalous tower(s). The anomalous towers are marked with red stop signs. (ALTERNATE: If we implement the automated feature, this text will just say ‘Click here to see if this tower is registered with Open Cell ID’.)
3. Determine your threat and risk level, and act accordingly. If you are worried that police or criminals may be trying to intercept your communications, turn your phone off or don’t communicate anything sensitive while connected to the anomalous tower. If you want to take further action, see below.
4. You might also want to call out the watchers. People conducting surveillance like to do it in secret, and will often scatter if they are identified. That said, you must be very careful and use your own judgment before taking any action. Where you are, who you are, and what level of risk you’re wiling to take play large roles in determining what you should do with the information you have. Nothing here should be construed as legal advice, and the Spidey team cannot be held liable for any decisions you make based on this information. 
Assess your surroundings. Are you at home? Are you comfortable going outside to see if there is anything suspicious in your neighborhood? Bring a camera to take pictures of anything that looks out of the ordinary. Are you at a protest? You might want to alert your fellow demonstrators that something is amiss. If you feel comfortable doing so, you can find a journalist and tell them you think the police might be using an IMSI catcher to spy on dissidents. If you feel brave, you could even ask to speak with the most senior police officer present, and ask them if they are using an IMSI catcher at the protest. In most jurisdictions, it is perfectly legal to film the police; you might want to film your interaction to ensure that you have an accurate record of what happens. Be careful and don’t put yourself at unnecessary risk. Alerting the police to the fact that you suspect them of spying on you could make you a target of police repression. Be careful and use your best judgment. 
5. Share your scan results with the Spidey team, composed of programmers, legal experts, and community advocates. When you share your scan results, you agree that the team has the right to contact you to follow up. Submitting your scan results does not guarantee legal representation. 